Life is beautiful, but not always. It has lots of problems you have to face everyday. Don't worry though! All these problems make you strong, it gives you courage to stand alone in future. Life is full of moments of joy, pleasure, success and comfort punctuated by misery, defeat, failures and problems. There is no human being on Earth, strong, powerful, wise or rich, who has not experienced, struggle, suffering or failure. You have to work hard to reach to the highest position. Life is full of paths, you just have to choose the right one. Life is interesting and amazing like the stars up in the skies.

With no doubt, Life is beautiful and full of celebrations. However you should always be ready to face adversity and challenges.
There are difficult situations in life as well.Be careful!! You might get hurt too hard. Life is sometimes too selfish to think about yourself. 
Then life is too hard to handle. Falling in love! People tend to fall in love nowadays but i personally think the right time has to come... You might also get hurt in Love. You might be broken-hearted as the people say.
Life is the place where people treat everyone differently, racism exists as well as bullying. People tend to say bad stuff behind people's back. There are millions of people using horrible words to call people, People use people everyday. Life is not that easy in my view. Sometimes, all you want to do is sit alone and question yourself with hundred of questions
.
Am I ugly as the people say? 
Why don't i have any friends?
Why is the world so hard to live in?
What do i look like in other peoples eyes?
Why don't i have the same colour of the skin as everyone else? :'( :'(
How can i make others happy?

The questions does not stop. You ask those questions over and over again. When you don't have any answers, you want to scream out loud or cry.

Bullying? Racism? What are all these?, I don't understand what people get from making others unhappy and upset. Every single one of you there in the world have your own beauty. EVERYTHING IS BEAUTIFUL!

So don't sit there saying i'm ugly say i'm PRETTY or HANDSOME, Damnn care about what people say.

People die, life changes, people come and go but guess what you have to go with it however much it hurts . You miss people who were in your life, that's the way they remind you that they still exist in your life. I know the feeling of that, I miss my handsome uncle as well but i know we can never meet again. I know he is not here anymore, So what i will still love him the most in my life. People say forget the past, life in present and save the future for tomorrow. I think that is true, but i cannot forget my past, it has all those beautiful moments which mean the world to me. It is the hardest thing but i just try try try and try. Don't give up or lose hope on anything.
